features.md, before:

1. replace open ai whisper with eleven labs agents for better voice sound of languages. - backend feature
   optimize prompts of our hands off agents but this prompts will be in general prompts for each agents so we will improve the ai agents layer with eleven labs as well adding other providers agents such as gemini and claude.

2. if user says to invite other person to google meet with email he provide then we should verify if we have this feature enable or not and if not implement properly.

3. change font for matching futuristic ai app better then what we have now.

4. organization feature we first check if the user in organization and if so we validate a cross other users in the organization. so we can solve conflicts at organization level and in indiviudals as well. so this means we need to readd few columns in the relvant tables in teh supabase db via the supabase cli then regenerate types via the script in the package json and make sure that everything is integrated in the be and properly verified then add that in the settings modal in the fe so we can identify user type if he is individual or organization level.

5. improve the carousel auotmatic in the homepage in mobile view the carousel buttons are not in the middle of the carousel but like at the bottom 80% of the component and not in the middle of it.

6. i am from israel so for isreal users should i move the aws app runner services to other region ? currently on franfrkut.

7. fe is failing in building in the instance please identify and fix. cause we have rollback in the aws service fe.

8. we show telegram features carousel but not slack this should be dynamicly show one as telegram one slack feature but more simple cause we want to mroe show off ally then just really show each command thats not a good marketing.

9. if user hover on logout from settings modal text should be red

10. tooltips hover/click in the settings modal isnt displaying hover card with the info releated to the setting row.

11. loading animation in the subscription tab in the settings modal is not to the center of the tab but in the top fix.

12. integrations tab do not use custom svg icons but only react icons or lucide icon if icon u want not found reply me back add this to ur rules of project. also missing overflow-auto to the tabs and max h of the same height of the modal itself. which means proepr slack icon , whatsapp and google for the calendar , as well for the telegram bot.

13. validate all our components are properly using shadcn ui components as the layers and not custom dialogs or pop ups etc.

14. icons colors should be black in light theme and orange in dark theme. match our ui ux not rainbow colors.

15. feature of sync between the cross platforms. if user is open conversation via telegram or slack it will automaticly sync with the web in terms of conversations the user made. this is optional for the user and the default will be true in the settings modal.

16. please preform a ui ux change for the analytics page so it become more inviting for user to get insights either tabs within teh page or a better way to get insights data by a proepr importance from top to bottom or hierircal logic of whats the most important to the less one, cause its looks not good.

17. in teh sidebar buttons e.g. quick add event or analytics or assitant make sure that we see info icon so user see the info about it only when hover on that info icon. plus replace icons to better match assitant ally , analytics, and quick add event.

18. implememnt share feature so user can share a link to a conversation he made to another user only os only that user can see the link.

19. implement in the analytics sync with the url parmass so the query of dates we pass or filter calendars are as well "mirrored" to the url address itself so i can copy paste drop other pc and it will automaticly use that.

20. loader animation when user nav to dashboard/billing as not at the middle of the page please fix , if no subscription actions then show info icon and a text releated like we have in the transcation history

21.remove hover on badges it should not apply any hover color only static light/dark color bg work.

22.attaching file of image to the input in mobile is making the remove button slightly hitten by the overflow hidden of it remove it. and replace that with trash icon to be match as we have in the conversations sidebar when user hover on one conversation to delete.

23. if user click microphoen the padding should be so much big it should be the same as the input has in regular so its doesnt break

24. if user click on toggle button of Hear response this will as well trigger toast of activate sound / disable sound , same for copy , Reset / Re-trigger.

25. edit my (as a user) the message in the 2d chat or 3d chat or chat itself never mind which one it should inline edit hte div and let me edit the input this will trigger new response from the ai and give the user "feeling that we have got back one step back in the messages"

26. move the button New Chat from the top sidebar and place it instead of the quick add event .then remove it we do not need it for now.

27.

Commit message:

feat: update features list with new email handling and textarea adjustments
- Added a feature to replace all email mentions with @askally.io in the frontend.
- Enhanced desktop textarea styling for improved usability with increased padding and fixed rows, while ensuring mobile compatibility.

features.md, after:

1. replace open ai whisper with eleven labs agents for better voice sound of languages. - backend feature
   optimize prompts of our hands off agents but this prompts will be in general prompts for each agents so we will improve the ai agents layer with eleven labs as well adding other providers agents such as gemini and claude.

2. if user says to invite other person to google meet with email he provide then we should verify if we have this feature enable or not and if not implement properly.

3. change font for matching futuristic ai app better then what we have now.

4. organization feature we first check if the user in organization and if so we validate a cross other users in the organization. so we can solve conflicts at organization level and in indiviudals as well. so this means we need to readd few columns in the relvant tables in teh supabase db via the supabase cli then regenerate types via the script in the package json and make sure that everything is integrated in the be and properly verified then add that in the settings modal in the fe so we can identify user type if he is individual or organization level.

5. improve the carousel auotmatic in the homepage in mobile view the carousel buttons are not in the middle of the carousel but like at the bottom 80% of the component and not in the middle of it.

6. i am from israel so for isreal users should i move the aws app runner services to other region ? currently on franfrkut.

7. fe is failing in building in the instance please identify and fix. cause we have rollback in the aws service fe.

8. we show telegram features carousel but not slack this should be dynamicly show one as telegram one slack feature but more simple cause we want to mroe show off ally then just really show each command thats not a good marketing.

9. if user hover on logout from settings modal text should be red

10. tooltips hover/click in the settings modal isnt displaying hover card with the info releated to the setting row.

11. loading animation in the subscription tab in the settings modal is not to the center of the tab but in the top fix.

12. integrations tab do not use custom svg icons but only react icons or lucide icon if icon u want not found reply me back add this to ur rules of project. also missing overflow-auto to the tabs and max h of the same height of the modal itself. which means proepr slack icon , whatsapp and google for the calendar , as well for the telegram bot.

13. validate all our components are properly using shadcn ui components as the layers and not custom dialogs or pop ups etc.

14. icons colors should be black in light theme and orange in dark theme. match our ui ux not rainbow colors.

15. feature of sync between the cross platforms. if user is open conversation via telegram or slack it will automaticly sync with the web in terms of conversations the user made. this is optional for the user and the default will be true in the settings modal.

16. please preform a ui ux change for the analytics page so it become more inviting for user to get insights either tabs within teh page or a better way to get insights data by a proepr importance from top to bottom or hierircal logic of whats the most important to the less one, cause its looks not good.

17. in teh sidebar buttons e.g. quick add event or analytics or assitant make sure that we see info icon so user see the info about it only when hover on that info icon. plus replace icons to better match assitant ally , analytics, and quick add event.

18. implememnt share feature so user can share a link to a conversation he made to another user only os only that user can see the link.

19. implement in the analytics sync with the url parmass so the query of dates we pass or filter calendars are as well "mirrored" to the url address itself so i can copy paste drop other pc and it will automaticly use that.

20. loader animation when user nav to dashboard/billing as not at the middle of the page please fix , if no subscription actions then show info icon and a text releated like we have in the transcation history

21.remove hover on badges it should not apply any hover color only static light/dark color bg work.

22.attaching file of image to the input in mobile is making the remove button slightly hitten by the overflow hidden of it remove it. and replace that with trash icon to be match as we have in the conversations sidebar when user hover on one conversation to delete.

23. if user click microphoen the padding should be so much big it should be the same as the input has in regular so its doesnt break

24. if user click on toggle button of Hear response this will as well trigger toast of activate sound / disable sound , same for copy , Reset / Re-trigger.

25. edit my (as a user) the message in the 2d chat or 3d chat or chat itself never mind which one it should inline edit hte div and let me edit the input this will trigger new response from the ai and give the user "feeling that we have got back one step back in the messages"

26. move the button New Chat from the top sidebar and place it instead of the quick add event .then remove it we do not need it for now.

27. look for all emails mentions we have in the fe and make sure that is replaced with @askally.io and not what we have now.

28. input in desktop should be more "fat" more padding more rows to go down to with textarea of shadcn ui with rows fixed of 4 and with overflow-auto ofc with max of 200px h and in mobile same.

29. identify components that could be reused which means reuse them and not over re-create them again. so we have more modular and a better components artiecture. so it will be easily to refactor improve modify maybe even add specific props or customs to some components but should be very much dynamic , robust and reused.
